Instructions

 There are several input "modes" in this game.  How your keypresses
 are interpreted depends on what mode you are in. 
 
 When you start the game (after logging in), you will be in MOVE mode,
 which is also the main, or root mode.  At any time pressing escape
 will bring you back to MOVE mode.
 
 Here are a list of modes in the game
  Mode    Key     Description
  -----   ------- ---------
  LOGIN           Initial game Startup
  MOVE    escape  main
  TELL    t       when you are sending a message, entering username or message body
  GET     g       picking up an object
  ATTACK  a       attacking 
  FREE    f       Allows assigning of free attributes (to improve character)
  USE     u       Use an object

 There are also keys that effect the display area.  These are the available pop-up windows
  Window    Key Description
  --------- --- ------------
  Equipment e   Shows and allows editing of equipped inventory
  Stats     s   Shows player statistics
  Text      d   full screen text display
  

LOGIN
 All keypresses are used for logging in, entering username or password, (or answering 
 questions).

MOVE 
 Main mode.  You can enter most other modes from this one.  Press escape to get back to
 this mode.
 - Arrow Keys : move character in the appropriate direction
 - t : enters TELL mode
 - g : enters GET mode
 - a : enters ATTACK mode

TELL
 Sending a message to another player.  When you enter this mode you are prompted for the
 name of a player to send the message to.  Enter the user's name and press enter.  Then 
 enter the message body and press enter.    When the message is delivered you should see
 a confirmation.
 
GET
 Picking up objects from the map.
 - Arrow Keys : get object in the direction specified.
 - G : pressing G again gets the object you are standing on
 - Mouse Click : Clicking on an object will attempt to get that object
 
ATTACK
 Attacking a creature. 
 - Arrow Keys: Attack in the direction shown (One space away from the player).
 - Mouse Click : Attempt to attack the creature at the location clicked. 
 